Fixed typos, names, minor style improvements (#156)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/configuration/kubernetes/kubelet-custom-profiles.md

## Precedence of Kubelet configuration

> The Kubelet configuration of each node is created by merging several different
> configuration sources. For MKE 4, the order is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubelet configuration of each node is set through the merging of several
different configuration sources. For MKE 4, the source merge order is as follows:
```
